item.AirRune.name=Air Rune
item.WaterRune.name=Water Rune
item.EarthRune.name=Earth Rune
item.FireRune.name=Fire Rune
item.LawRune.name=Law Rune
item.BodyRune.name=Body Rune
item.MindRune.name=Mind Rune
item.NatureRune.name=Nature Rune
item.ChaosRune.name=Chaos Rune
item.ArmadylRune.name=Armadyl Rune
item.AstralRune.name=Astral Rune
item.BloodRune.name=Blood Rune
item.CosmicRune.name=Cosmic Rune
item.DeathRune.name=Death Rune
item.DustRune.name=Dust Rune
item.SoulRune.name=Soul Rune
item.SteamRune.name=Steam Rune
item.MistRune.name=Mist Rune
item.SmokeRune.name=Smoke Rune
item.LavaRune.name=Lava Rune


item.Logs.name=Logs
item.OakLogs.name=Oak Logs
item.WillowLogs.name=Willow Logs
item.MapleLogs.name=Maple Logs
item.YewLogs.name=Yew Logs
item.MagicLogs.name=Magic Logs

tile.BurningLog.name=Burning Logs

itemGroup.tabMagic=RS Magic